[RFC] Created PhpStorm inspections settings profile (#1)
ezsystems/ezplatform-code-style: README.md

for code style tools, plugins for CI, IDE settings, Git hooks, GitHub templates related
to contributions, etc.

## PhpStorm inspections

> See the [IDE/PhpStorm/PhpStormInspections.xml](./IDE/PhpStorm/PhpStormInspections.xml) for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [PhpStormInspections.xml](./IDE/PhpStorm/PhpStormInspections.xml) file for
```

> the PhpStorm code inspections settings profile. The profile can be imported by choosing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the PhpStorm code inspections settings profile. 
To import the profile, click:
```

```

> File -> Settings -> Editor -> Inspections > Import profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File -> Settings -> Editor -> Inspections -> Import profile
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more information, see the [PhpStorm documentation](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/phpstorm/customizing-profiles.html#47e75).

```
